is such a great thing
Julia louis-dreyfus 50 year old ass
still on TV and winning awards and
you need to retire okay I'll retire Sean
Penn you rude dumb rude and full of
farts
Thank You Sean real-time stinker must be
hard for Liv Tyler having a father that
is just a giant ball sack Elizabeth
Banks is a Daniel Radcliffe is one
of God's most unattractive creation
since the olive oil cheer sometimes
teeth Bobby look at me they look like a
load of Tic Tacs throwing gang signs
when I grow up I hope I can be as ugly
and as many different hairstyles as
Jason Schwartzman
I swear on crib if I see Michael B
Jordan I'm a slap that mini
feather-duster because a moustache of
this lip bruh oh it's the worst thing it
said I'd rather stick a beaver in my
anus and sit through a key and peele
julianna margulies is one of the finest
ugly women I have seen thank you Colin
Farrell and true detective looks like he
smells like depressed depressed couch
parts Jordana Brewster is the next Meryl
Streep if Meryl Streep was the worst
actress in the world her Russell's face
is made of aged denim I couldn't agree
more
Viola Davis boobs look like a bud and I
think she thinks who butt boobs are an
asset there it's not I have Matthew
Perry syndrome I'm a sarcastic loser
with a giant head my head Lake Bell's
face is about as beautiful as a worn-out
leather boot
hashtag thug mug Sarah Paulson is
annoying when she yells or cries or
talks or exists
bite me that's how I feel I can fight me
[Applause]
marijuana's works wonders just look at
Willie Nelson bastard is still alive and
won't die